Updated docs (#4)
singlestore-labs/singlestore-fivetran-connector: docs/setup-guide.md

SET enable_observe_queries=1
```

> 4. (Optional) Configure `snapshots_to_keep` and `snapshot_trigger_size` engine variables. At some

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to SingleStore docs, if there is more information about these variables there?

Reviewer 2: Can we have a one-line paragraph here?

   point, `offsets` will be considered stale, meaning the connector will no longer be able to
   retrieve data associated with that logical point in the WAL (Write-Ahead Log). In practical
   terms, `offsets` become stale once they are older than the oldest snapshot in the system. The
   `snapshots_to_keep` and `snapshot_trigger_size` variables control the number and size of

>    snapshots, providing you with some control over the data retention window. If offsets become

Reviewer: I would elaborate "some control" a bit - e.g. if you increase `snapshots_to_keep`, `offsets` will become stale later.

  provided in the setup form
- The Table test checks if specified table exists

### <span class="step-item">Post setup changes (Optional)</span>

> It is recommended to update Fivetran sync frequency to run more often. This will reduce the likelihood of `offsets` becoming stale and help avoid the need for a full re-sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend to adjust the sync frequency in Fivetran so that syncs run more often. This will reduce the likelihood of `offsets` becoming stale and help avoid the need for a full re-sync.
```

  provided in the setup form
- The Table test checks if specified table exists

### <span class="step-item">Post setup changes (Optional)</span>

> It is recommended to update Fivetran sync frequency to run more often. This will reduce the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to update Fivetran sync frequency to run more often. This will reduce the likelihood of `offsets` becoming stale and help avoid the need for a full re-sync.
```

> likelihood of `offsets` becoming stale and help avoid the need for a full re-sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
